[Music]
14 self-defense tips that might save
your life
we are used to seeing news of attacks on
TV and the internet but we are prone to
think that it won't ever happen to us
and fortunately no one is immune from
attackers there are some well-known
safety recommendations such as avoid
walking alone in dark streets don't let
strangers enter your house or don't sit
in a car with an unknown person but you
know life is so unpredictable and as
they say better safe than sorry
so how to behave if you've been grabbed
by hand where to stay in an elevator
which safety apps are worth using you
will find out the answers in our new
video remember to show us that it's
helpful by hitting the like button
number 14 clench your hands correctly a
fist or a flat hand the debate about
what will be more effective in a fight
is an old one most often however your
hand automatically clenches in a fist
before a blow the important thing here
is to do it without injuring your
fingers don't expose your thumb don't
hide it under your fingers either this
will most likely lead to fracturing
don't neglect using the flat of your
hand in a fight this type of blow will
come as more of a surprise number 13
how to break free of a cord remember the
main thing you need to do is leave some
room for error if your hands are being
tied keep them clenched in fists if your
body is being tied breathe in so that
your diaphragm expands the more room
that's left between you and your ties
the more chances you have to escape
number 12
how to break free of duct tape
if your hands are bound by duct tape you
can tear it apart rather simply raise
your hands above your head and then
thrust them down with a lot of force
this method can be applied even if your
hands are bound from behind number 11
remember the vulnerable areas let's
admit there's a big chance that you'll
end up being less physically strong than
your attacker what to do if that turns
out to be so rely on the element of
surprise
remember to strike a blow as hard and as
swiftly as you can if you think or aim
for too long your adversary will figure
out your attentions and get even angrier
be unpredictable it might confuse the
attacker and give you precious time to
escape and most importantly remember the
vulnerable areas eyes nose Adam's apple
groin knees and shins number 10 use
security apps put modern methods to use
applications such as family locator to
be safe and others will allow you to
track the movements of your friends and
relatives or send out a distress signal
if necessary number 9 invent a code word
in childhood many of us invented codes
new words and even languages this
seemingly impractical hobby can
potentially save your life along with
the previous method if you don't have a
chance to talk or text an encrypted SOS
will tell of your predicament and if you
take your rebus composing even further
your rescuers might be able to learn the
direction where you've been taken or
even the exact place where you were left
number 8 use the materials on hand be as
creative as possible in the present
circumstances use any object that could
help your purse can serve as a shield
from a knife assault just don't press it
too close to your body your scarf can be
thrown at an attackers face to buy you a
couple of seconds umbrellas bags and
even small change in your pocket can be
of help
teas are one of the best tools just
don't waste time trying to use them as a
knuckle duster another thing to use is a
comb if you press it's teeth a bit
higher than an attackers upper lip doing
it as hard as possible it will cause
great pain
therefore distracting the assailant so
you have some time for an escape number
7 keep your pepper spray in the right
place there's no point in keeping a
pepper spray in your bag if there is a
bottomless black hole inside assaults
usually occur unexpectedly and you have
to snatch out your defensive tool as
quickly as possible keep it in your
pocket so you can promptly use it and
run away these tricks are easy to
remember and use aren't they don't
forget to give us a thumbs up for
gathering them for you number 6 if
you've been grabbed by the head
you can escape from a handgrip by using
the rule of the thumb have you never
heard of it according to this method you
need to rotate your hand towards the
attackers thumb remember that you should
do it in a quick sharp jerk if the
assailant realizes your plan he'll
squeeze your hand with all his strength
this case use your feet hit him in the
groin and Mees and step on his feet with
as much force as you can number 5 if you
have been grabbed by the hare one of the
most common ways of the salting is
capturing the victims hair not only is
this technique painful but it also
provides almost total control over the
victim's body first of all grab the
attackers hand with both of your hands
that will let you retain control then
it's time to make use of your feet again
as soon as you feel that the attackers
hand has loosened its grip let go and
run number 4 if you've been grabbed by
the neck in such a situation
hit the attacker in the groin or poke
his eyes with your fingers pain will
make him loosen his grasp number 3 in an
elevator everyone knows that you
shouldn't go into an elevator with
strangers and that you'd better leave it
if someone suspicious enters after you
make it a habit of standing with your
back to the part of the wall where the
buttons are it's better to press a
button for your fellow-traveller than to
let him stop the elevator and get stuck
between floors with him number 2 in a
car as in the case with the elevator
it's possible to prevent an assault in
addition to the standard rule of not
getting into a car with strangers you
can pointedly tell someone on the phone
or at least write down the cars number
color and destination for your driver to
see and hear if an assault still happens
aim for vulnerable areas growing nose
and eyes
number one learn to administer first aid
if you have ignored them until now it's
high time you learned the essential
rules of providing first aid there may
be a situation where you or someone else
is injured and a hospital might not be
immediately available in this case your
first aid skills could save a life
also we have a few more rules you may
find useful be on guard music in your
headphones the screen of your smartphone
or just the habit of looking under your
feet might distract you from noticing a
perpetrator look around and behind you
from time to top fight if the assailant
loses the element of surprise he might
change his mind about attacking keep
your distance try to avoid being
cornered at all costs even if the
assailant is bearing down on you don't
step back move aside and try to change
your movement trajectory keep your palms
in front of you this is not only a
defensive position just make sure that
your hands are on the same level with
your chin and your elbows are half bent
but also a conciliatory one this is a
way of saying calm down let's settle
this in peace at the same time you let
the attacker know that you are capable
of fighting back scream though you might
be skeptical at first about how
effective it is let it sink in for a bit
if you shout the best ways to try to
sound not scared but angry he will
confuse the attacker why do you know
what is the reaction that 80% of all
people have when they are being attacked
it might be a revelation for you but
they freeze and lose their voice what is
worse they obediently follow their
assailant not even making attempts to
free themselves so by screaming you
break the victim stereotype what is more
it helps you to pluck up the courage you
have to stand up for yourself it also
serves as a call for help
and finally let's
no criminal likes noise run even if you
master all the tricks you still won't be
a superhero there's no need to try your
physical strength against an assailant
your main objective is to stay in one
piece these are your three immediate
goals wrench free disorient the attacker
escape these are the tips that can help
you stay safe but to tell you the truth
we hope you will never have to use them
[Music]
share this video with your friends to
make sure they know how to protect
themselves and give us a like the more
likes the video collects the more people
will be able to see it stay safe